There are n people standing in a queue for bus numbered from left to right, 1 to n. Each person has a patience limit, p and will only wait until the time p expires. If the bus reaches after time p, the person will leave the queue and miss the bus. Initially the bus is empty and has a fixed capacity, k. Given a number of queries q, where each query is a time of bus arrival, q[i], for each query, print the index/number (1-indexed) of the k_th person who catches the bus. If all passengers remaining int the queue can board the bus, return 0 because there will be no k_th person. For example, given a bus size k = 2, patience limits of p = [1, 2, 3, 4], and queries at times q = [1, 3, 4], there are three scenarios all dealing with the same initial queue.Where the buss arrives at q[0] = 1, all passengers are still queued but only the first two will fit on the bus. The last passenger who will fit is number 2. If the bus arrives at q[1] = 3, passengers 1 and 2 have left the queue the first two remaining (3, and 4) get on the bus, filling it to capacity. When q[2] = 4, passengers 1, 2, 3 have left, so assented 4 can get on. Since the bus is not filled, there is no k_th passenger. The returned array of answers is [2, 4, 0] The function of def kthPerson(k, p, q) return an array of integers where each integer is represents the results of a query, q[i] K: an integer that represents the size of the bus. P: an array of integers that represents the patience of n people from left to right. Q: an array of int that the queries contains times q[i]] of the arrival of the bus 0 < n, k, p[i], q[i] <= 10 ^ 5
